Consolidate to one `schedule` param (#25410)
apache/airflow: newsfragments/25410.significant.rst

Deprecation of ``schedule_interval`` and ``timetable`` params

> We add new DAG parameter ``schedule`` that can accept a cron expression, timedelta object, *timetable* object, or list of dataset objects. Params ``schedule_interval`` and ``timetable`` are  deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added new DAG argument ``schedule`` that can accept a cron expression, timedelta object, *timetable* object, or list of dataset objects. Arguments ``schedule_interval`` and ``timetable`` are deprecated.
```
